README.md, before:

# ACT Frontend

This is the frontend for the [ACT platform](https://github.com/mnemonic-no/act-platform).   

<p><img src="act-graph.png" alt="ACT Graph view" width="871px" /></p>

There is also a table view where you can export the data.

<p><img src="act-table.png" alt="ACT Table view" width="871px" /></p>  


## Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mnemonic-no/act-frontend.git
```

### Install dependencies

You will need to have installed [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) or [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)

```bash
yarn install
```

### Run the development server

Copy the `config.override.json.template` to  `config.override.json` and set the relevant API URL for your development 
environment. 

```json
  { "apiUrl": "http://YOUR-API-SERVER-HERE/" }
```

Currently access control is hard coded, if necessary edit `actUserId`

Run development server with:

```bash
yarn start
```

### Deploy

Edit the config.json to reflect your production environment, i.e set the apiUrl for the ACT backend.


```bash
yarn build
```

This will create a folder `build/` with static files ready to be deployed.


### Storybook

[Storybook](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook) is configured for the project in order to develop UI components in isolation.

```bash
yarn storybook
```

Commit message:

Show object label in search results if there is a matching label fact
- rely on the objectLabelFromFactType config
- i.e use name of report instead of object value (which for reports is
  a hash)

README.md, after:

# ACT Frontend

This is the frontend for the [ACT platform](https://github.com/mnemonic-no/act-platform).   

<p><img src="act-graph.png" alt="ACT Graph view" width="871px" /></p>

There is also a table view where you can export the data.

<p><img src="act-table.png" alt="ACT Table view" width="871px" /></p>  


## Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mnemonic-no/act-frontend.git
```

### Install dependencies

You will need to have installed [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) or [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)

```bash
yarn install
```

### Run the development server
Before you can run the app, you have to configure it. During development, the app reads in a config file in 
`src/config.override.json` where you can override settings found in `config.json`.

Copy the `config.override.json.template` to  `config.override.json` and set the relevant API URL for your development 
environment. 

```json
  { "apiUrl": "http://YOUR-API-SERVER-HERE/" }
```

Currently access control is hard coded, if necessary edit `actUserId`

Run development server with:

```bash
yarn start
```

### Deploy

Edit the config.json to reflect your production environment, i.e set the apiUrl for the ACT backend.


```bash
yarn build
```

This will create a folder `build/` with static files ready to be deployed.


### Storybook

[Storybook](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook) is configured for the project in order to develop UI components in isolation.

```bash
yarn storybook
```
